Guns:
Radial Spitter (Assault Rifle): Fires 8 bullets, each in one of the cardinal + intermediate directions around the player.
Vampire (SMG): Replenishes health and ammo with each hit, drains health slowly while equipped.
Eye of the Storm (Assault Rifle): Shoots projectiles which split on death 3 times and orbit the player
Vortex (Pistol): Fires a swirling vortex of bullets which shield the user.
Slingshot (Pistol): Spawns projectiles which orbit in front of the player for a short moment before shooting off at maximum velocity.
Chernobyl (Shotgun) - Bullets orbit the player momentarily then explode in all directions.
Black Hole (Sniper Rifle): Spawns projectiles in a radius around a point in front of the player; they then shoot towards the centerpoint and explode on impact, dealing elemental damage.
Millionaire (Shotgun): Fires a large number of bullets which cover the entire screen, slow firerate.
64-Trigrams (Assault Rifle / Naruto): Burst fire gun with mag size of 64, fires 8 of its bullets per burst. Bullet speed increases the less bullets are left in the mag.
Cherry Blossom (Assault Rifle): Bullets which explode into more bullets on hit.
Bloodhound (Sniper Rifle): Bullets split once and track whichever target is closest upon splitting.
Fully automatic sniper rifle.
Meatshot (Shotgun / TF2): Very tight spread.
Aqua (SMG / Useless Goddess): Creates puddles on hit which slow enemies.
Moonlight Railgun (Laser Rifle / Dark Souls): Shoots a green wave of energy.
Kamehameha (Laser Rifle / DBZ): Shoots a single beam which expands until it covers the screen, and then fades.
Spindash (Shotgun / Sonic): Fires sawblades
Dragon (Pistol / Yakuza): Firing shots builds heat, increasing all damage
The World (Sniper Rifle / Jojo): Stops time while shot travels, high damage/slow fire rate
One Shot (Pistol / OPM): Extremely slow projectile which deals increased damage the longer it travels
Bakuretsu (Assault Rifle / Konosuba): 100% explosion rate
Greed (SMG / Yugioh): Regens ammo on hit
Waveshine (Laser Rifle / Melee)
Dubstep Gun (Laser SMG)
Sting (Shotgun / LOTR): Glows when close to enemy, massively increased damage at short range.
Dragon Slayer (Berserk)
Crow (Pistol): Burst fires entire clip
Amygdalan Arm (Bloodborne): Laser weapon


PEARLESCENTS
Scarlet Devil (Shotgun / Touhou): Two patterns at once: Basic radial shots and a rotating wave pattern
Sandstorm (SMG): Shoots projectiles which split once, halfway across the screen.
Tornado (Assault Rifle): CBlossom/Vortex hybrid
Recursive Assassin (Sniper Rifle): Fires a bullet which spawns three other bullets, which spawns three other bullets…
Raid Boss
BFG9000 (Laser Rifle / DOOM): Shoots a huge ball of energy that explodes on hit


Shields:
Riot Shield: A tall, thin shield which remains stationary in front of the player.
Turtle: Exceptional capacity.
Hare: Exceptional recharge rate.
Bee: Increases damage while capacity is full.
